hi guys tots toy collector here here
with an Equestria girls doll from my
little pony this is Rainbow Dash now you
might have seen our unboxing of
Fluttershy this is the rock and
hairstyle dolls we also had the rock and
hairstyle Fluttershy video so have a
look at that if you want to see that
opening in review so I saw her and I
thought you know what she is one cool
Equestria doll give you a little close
look here at the box you can see here
says rocking hairstyle on the back of
the box says check out my rock and
hairstyle a punk mohawk so there she is
there I'm gonna open it up and we'll
give you a better review of Rainbow Dash
Equestria alright so he got her out of
the box and here is Rainbow Dash
Equestria rocking hairstyle she has some
very cool accessories like look at that
purse it's a guitar it's see-through
it's got the British flag on there that
is one cool accessory you can see here
get a close look look at the details
around her I she's got you know a couple
rainbow colors of you know it looks like
little lightning bolts her nice
eyelashes her eyes are very well done
the eyebrows are nice she's got some
very cool earrings again her signature
Rainbow Dash like lightning bolt her
hair is very cool so this is like soft
here almost like her head is shaved and
then she has lightning bolts shaped into
it and it goes to this crazy mohawk she
is one cool character you can see her
hair extends here on the back she's got
these clear wings very well done she's
got these spiky bracelets adds to her
punk flair and her outfit is actually
very detailed you can see here different
patterns on here and then down to her
dress
so she's wearing almost like two skirts
right there and then her leggings these
stars are both very poseable they
articulate their arms move and she's got
some really cool shoes check out those
boots right there and I guess these
would be her leggings so it's very well
done this Rainbow Dash she's very
different from the ponies but you know
it still has that rainbow dash colors
and flair that we all love about Rainbow
Dash she's got some cool purple lipstick
there's a very close look at her right
there there's a closer look at her dress
all the different colors in her dress
all the patterns they're very well done
these new versions of these dolls their
heads move there a softer rubber very
nice and she also comes with this hair
accessory with all the rainbow colors
and I guess you could wear that to put
this in your hair maybe go to school
with it in it's a little bread and she
comes with her rainbow rocks card so
there's a first look at Rainbow Dash
rock and hairstyle Equestria girls doll
I hope you guys enjoyed the video let me
know what you think down below don't
forget to subscribe leave a comment and
like the video alright guys that's tots
to a collector and we'll see you next
time bye bye